Q• admin-configurable session timeout, default much longer
Q• warn users before editing if they aren't logged in (or say "Edit as Anonymous"; unless that's not allowed on the wiki, in which case no worries! XD )
Q• DON'T let someone who's not actually logged in act as though they are!!!LKJFLkjflsdkfjdlfj like recording them in a page's official edit history exactly like they were logged in!! sdlfkjdflkfjlf
	Just remove the entire ASSERTED system dslfjsdflkfj X'D
		Unless maybe it's actually done securely idk
Q• configurable max length for edit comments (and MUCH longer by default; like, 4000 chars!! XD )
Q• renaming pages X'D
Q• tooltip links :D
Q• configurable landing page (not hardcoded as "Main")
Q• titles that are different from the page name!  (like wikipedia has for pages that start with lowercase letters, or end in question marks!)
Q!!• TALK PAGES (or better yet, talk Discussions! and make a whole proper forum/chat system! :DD )
Q• user pages!
Q• semantic usernames in page history!!  (so when users change their name, it doesn't CORRUPT THE PAGE HISTORY DATABASE X"D )
	• And also renames the user page!  (and updates links to it!!)
Q• New Page feature! sldkjdslfkdsjf X'D
Q• page (or pseudotemplate!!) that lists all of the available pages.
Q• formatting ''inside'' links (eg, for part to be italicized)

Q• watch page!!
	then mods can watch the "Ban Proposal" secret mod-only page!
	..or should that be done in ManyTalk?  probably, since it's transient!  so then this todo applies to subscribing to ManyTalk channels to get alerts on new posts!

• Every page in ManyWiki should have the UUID of the "realm" or whatever we call that, small in the footer with a link to the instance's security policy, so that if they put in a theme that like, redirects people to mafia.ru with an iframe XD then people can take issue *with the people responsible* (the realm admin[s]), and not the manywiki hoster themselves, being a Service Provider not Content Producer!
	(the UUID being essential because they might change their name around to confuse people and make the instance hoster take the rap!)
	If that manywiki instance *wants* that!  Maybe they don't, so make it optional :3  (particularly for single-realm instances XD )
	• and even without custom superthemes, this could be an issue simply because they could put illegal content up, like any wiki!! (eg, fandom.com)
